hey guys it's Elise and welcome back to
my cupcake addiction today I'm gonna be
showing you how to make the most amazing
indulgent cookies and cream cupcakes of
course they get a taste amazing and
because this is my cupcake addiction I'm
going to show you how to decorate them
just that little bit over the top to
make your cookies and cream cupcakes of
course you're going to need some cookies
so I'm using chocolate sandwich cookies
in both large and small size when you're
gathering your mini Oreos make sure that
you hang on to any Oreo packets and open
them nice and gently I'll show you why
towards the end I've got some Pocky if
you don't have access to Pocky where you
could also use something like a
chocolate dipped pretzel stick some
water I've got a batch of my perfectly
pipeable buttercream frosting I'm going
to leave all of the links and
measurements and ingredients that you
need on the my cupcake addiction comm
website I'll leave a link to that post
down below so you can find everything
you need to recreate this recipe I've
got some flour some butter some sugar
I've got a little bit of melted white
chocolate and egg some cocoa some
vanilla and a little bit of vegetable
oil or olive oils also good I've got a
cupcake tray which I've lined with some
cupcake liners and I'm going to be using
an electric mixer today let's get
started one of the things I love most
about this recipe is that it's so easy
you literally just put all of your cake
ingredients into your mixer and turn it
on there's no real order that you need
to pop these into so I'm just going to
add in my cocoa my oil my water a little
bit of vanilla I've got my flour going
in and that flours been sifted I'm using
a self raising flour but if you don't
have self raising I'm also going to give
you a plain flour with baking powder
option which I will leave on the blog in
goes my butter and that's softened
butter with your cocoa for this to make
sure that it's an unsweetened cocoa
because this recipe is going to be sweet
enough and then finally and goes my egg
so that can just go on and you want to
mix it on a low speed just to combine
and then we can turn the speed up we're
gonna whip it till it's sort of light
and fluffy
one of the things that I love most about
this mix is it's got a very definite
lightening in color so you'll see that
it starts with that really dark
chocolatey color and then it kind of
lightens up almost like a lighter
chocolate mousse that's when you know
it's done it should be really light and
fluffy I'm just going to line the base
of each of my cupcake liners with egg
full chocolate sandwich cookie I'm going
to drop it right down and position it in
the center of the cake you just want to
fill all of your cupcake cases to 2/3 of
the way full on top of those sandwich
cookies now I've made this a relatively
small batch recipe so it's gonna make
between seven and ten depending on the
size cupcake liner that you use but it's
a really easy recipe to double and
triple if you know you've got a lot of
people coming I'm using a particularly
large cupcake liner today so the six
people that I've got coming over for
lunch tomorrow are going to be very
lucky with their giant size cookies and
cream cupcakes those ones are going off
into a moderate oven for about fourteen
minutes and you'll know they're done
when they spring back when you lightly
touch them in the middle while your
cupcakes are in the oven we can start
making some of our decorations so I'm
gonna take my Oreos and one pop them
into a ziploc bag I'm gonna let any air
out seal it up and then I'm just gonna
I'm not gonna pound them too hard
because I don't want to split my ziploc
bag it can take a little bit of a
beating and then I'm just gonna kind of
roll them out I definitely want them
crushed but I don't want to finely
crushed I'm sort of roughly crushing
them so that I can separate out the
bigger chunks from the nice fine stuff
I'm getting separate out my chunkier
chocolate cookies to my finer chocolate
cookies it doesn't have to be exact here
but you just want to have a bit of a
definition between the ones that are
slightly bigger crumbles to the ones
that are really nice and sort of more of
a fine gravelly looking consistency
perfect so I've got my two bowls of
crushed cookies now over here I've got
my Pocky sticks and I've also got some
of those little mini chocolate sandwich
cookies and my melted white chocolate so
to do this little effect I'm gonna split
three of my sandwich cookies in half I
feel like I should have tiny hands with
these tiny cookies and then I'm going to
take one of my pocket
now I'm gonna dip the cookie end into
some white chocolate I'm dipping the
cookie in because I want a chocolate
covered in to go inside the cupcake not
the cookie end otherwise it'll go soft
and then my pop you might lean over and
then I'm gonna bunch up my three
sandwich cookies lay that Pocky down on
top
and squish them back together again
you're gonna need as many of these as
cupcakes that you've got so for me I'm
going to need seven so you're gonna make
two different types of frosting I've got
my plain white vanilla buttercream
frosting so I'm gonna separate out half
of that maybe even just a little bit
more than half into a little container
and then the other half of it I'm going
to add some of my cookies too so I'm
going to add in about half of my crushed
pine cookies I'm just going to tip them
straight in and you can up or down the
amount of cookie that you want to add if
you add too many cookies and find that
your buttercream gets a little bit dry
with all that cookie you can just add
like a half a tablespoon of milk just to
bring that consistency back to level
perfect so I'm just gonna stir that
through I like a fair bit of cookie a my
cookies and cream frosting I'm going to
use a piping bag with just an open star
piping tip and I've got quite a large
piping tip and it's gonna scoop my
cookies and cream frosting into that one
I'm gonna leave my vanilla frosting as
is in its little container
my cupcakes have completely cooled and
now we're starting to get to the good
bit so I'm gonna take just a knife and
my vanilla frosting and I'm just gonna
scoop vanilla frosting straight on the
top of my cupcake I like to use vanilla
first because for me that's kind of the
cream in between the cookies you've got
all this chocolate going on chocolate
cupcake cookie at the bottom and the
vanilla frosting becomes the cream
portion and then I'm going to take that
cupcake and I'm gonna roll it in those
remaining finely crushed cookies just
around the outside edges I don't want to
put it on the center bit or else my next
letter frosting won't stick perfect so
now with my half frosted cupcake I'm
gonna take even more frosting and I'm
gonna pipe a nice little spiral on top
of that delicious cookies and cream and
then I'm gonna take just a couple of
those larger chunks this is to kind of
make it look like there's been a bit of
a cookie landslide if you will then you
want to take one of your little Pocky
lesions a pop it's straight down in the
center just when you thought these guys
couldn't get any better what we're gonna
do is you're gonna take one of those
packets of Oreo cookies now when you
open them try to open them nice and
neatly so I'm gonna use a pair of
scissors just to snip off the corner
you're gonna empty out your Oreos so now
you want to take your white chocolate
and I'm gonna put just a little bit of a
dollop of white chocolate on the back of
one of my Oreos just
using a skewer toothpick like so and
then I'm going to take my mini Oreo
packet and I'm going to position it down
and I'm going to use that white
chocolate to effectively glue it to the
top of our little cookies so when you
turn that around what you've got is a
perfect little pouring milk and cookies
illusion this guy is a way over the top
what you should have is like a stack of
Oreos that look like they've hit that
cookies and cream frosting and
disintegrated then they rolled down and
you've got that really nice fine cookies
and cream crumb underneath if you guys
know someone that loves Oreos make sure
you share this recipe with them I
guarantee they'll love you for it if
you're not already subscribed to the
channel make sure you do for two new
videos every week and as always guys
thanks very much for watching